Raffles and his disciples used the flame bestowed by the great Sol
and the technology cultivated by mankind to create "Amaterasu."
The sacred flame of Amaterasu benefits the lives of mankind,
and ended up establishing the foundation of a state in the Far East.
An underground railway station?
My turnout coat melted instantly. That's pretty intense.
Where are you? I didn't hear a sound.
Somewhere in the darkness...
The man with the flame that exterminates mankind, the Adolla Burst,
does not belong with you.
Bringing him here saves us a lot of trouble. We will take the Adolla Burst.
What do you intend to do with Shinra?! What is your objective?!
Die.
Inspector Licht!
I've been completely isolated. The enemy could appear at any second.
I'm On-His-Toes Man!
Stop!
Inspector Licht!
Stay right where you are.
Save me, Shinra-kun!
Man with the Adolla Burst, if you value this man's life,
you're going to come with us.
Shinra-kun, the Rapid!
You know, the tiger hand sign!
You keep quiet!
That was some incredible speed.
"Rapid," huh? That's better than "Kicker-Man Kick."
Mwa-ha-ha-ha! Did you see that "Rapid-Man Kick"?
Just "Rapid" by itself is fine, isn't it?
You'll have Captain Shinmon shoot you down again otherwise.
Nah, it needs the "Man."
Shinrabansho [all of nature].
You can't spell it without the man that ties my brother and me together.
Me!
"Shinra"             "Man"
My brother!
"Sho"
"Man"! Put it together, and...
"Shinrabansho"
Shinrabansho!
So I have to be "Uses-'Man' Man"!
Makes sense. That explanation should please the strict Captain Shinmon, too.
Is that Lieutenant Hinawa? The others are fighting the White-Clad, too.
We can't let ourselves be outdone by them.
Looks like my position has been compromised.
My enemy is in the darkness.
The light she releases is too strong, and I can't pin her location down.
I tried to use my Ricochet Control to pepper a wide area,
but there's no sign that I hit her.
There are many obstacles in the area. Should I attempt close combat instead?
Whatever I do, this location is compromised.
I have to move.
Don't slow down, just slip through here and approach the enemy.
We'll wait for our opening to strike, too.
With Arrow? I doubt we'll get the chance.
I have my Ricochet Control.
Since we're both using long-range weapons, the closer I get,
the greater my advantage should be.
Did you think you could escape my arrows in there?
Quite the opposite. You've lost your route of escape.
Break.
Damn it!
This is your hunting ground.
I don't let the prey I target escape. I'm taking the Adolla Burst, too.
You people don't know the importance of life.
You are not getting Shinra.
The world is continuously changing,
and even now, is about to change dramatically.
That transition does not require human emotion.
Those who invoke or assert the importance of their existence
are fools who can't conform themselves to the way of world.
What Shinra Kusakabe thinks or wants
has no meaning whatsoever.
The Evangelist requires his Adolla Burst.
We will take it.
Once a person affiliates with an organization,
their individual feelings are no longer as important.
When that extends to a nation or the world, all the more so.
In a world where people suddenly catch fire,
and their lives are snuffed out just like that,
rather than always being tripped up by the chaos, and getting bogged down in it,
fulfilling your role as an unconcerned, dispassionate cog in society
is what's best for the world.
There are more than a few people, myself included, who think that way.
That way is easier, after all. Having feelings is exhausting.
So why do you fight us?
Shinra's feelings don't matter, you say?
Hand over one of my men, you say? Don't insult me.
While I agree that feelings are exhausting...
...I can't help but feel steamed.
"Episode 20: Wearing His Pride"
Devastating...
A devastating roar... A devastating shockwave...
What is that man shooting?
They're standard 7.62×51mm rounds,
accelerated to as fast as they can go.
Even if I don't get a direct hit, the sonic boom created by their extreme speed
means you don't stand a chance.
That force is so great that a single shot destroys the barrel.
Almost like a cannon. Is Arrow going to be all right?
I was planning to find an opening to strike at him,
but that would be like stepping into a shootout between two tanks!
All my strength is gone... and my eyesight...
I feel like my eyelids are stuck to my eyeballs.
My consciousness is drifting away from my body.
In this subterranean darkness and dust cloud,
the smell of gunpowder is the only thing I can clearly make out.
What's become of... the other shooter?
In a world where people suddenly catch fire,
and their lives are snuffed out just like that...
...becoming indifferent to your own life is a way to devote yourself to that world.
Even if I die, it won't...
The 8th, though... we don't even have an entire company,
and they still made me its lieutenant.
I dread thinking of Captain Obi taking it all on himself.
If I'm dead, who's going to look after our men?
The reason you didn't kill me is because your first shot
didn't hit my left shoulder, which bears the 8th's emblem.
I'll use her flames...
...to increase its velocity even more!
"Velocity Unbridled"
That consumed quite a lot. I don't think I can move for a while.
I guess the young ones wouldn't go along with this kind of never-give-up spirit.
You're the fog and shimmer guys...
So you finally show yourselves, you cowards.
Hitting the enemy when they're at their weakest is Tactics 101.
Arrow has fulfilled her role.
How does it feel to be killed by the coward you just insulted?
I doubt you have any strength left to fight back.
I'll finish you off.
What a pity. That was a shimmer. Die.
That was powerful, for a last-ditch effort,
but pointless if you don't hit him.
No,
I hit what I was aiming for.
Hmph.
Descending from the heavens, but born out of the earth,
I venture both above and below...
I am a knight.
I saw Arthur looking down from the ceiling.
I shot him down.
The one who summoned me, the heavenly champion, down to earth...
...was you, Lieutenant?
I don't have to explain the situation to you, do I?
No. His face was exposed then, but he's the one from Vulcan's workshop.
Mirage, if you would?
So it's you.
I'll bring you down again with my shimmers.
One-trick pony, are you?
My "one trick" is bringing an end to all of this.
Die!
I didn't sense the weight of life in that attack.
On the battlefield, feel life.
Your own life, your friends' lives, the other side's lives.
When you're aware of all those lives, the tension won't get you so worked up.
Don't get tripped up by diversions or feints.
Discern the attack that is coming to take your life!
Concentrate. If I feel the life around me, I won't get worked up.
I am now multiclassing, with the samurai abilities I've acquired.
A knight-samurai.
"Knight-samurai!!!"
Hold on.
Focus.
Being a knight-samurai would make me a samurai, wouldn't it?
Which would mean... what, exactly?
I see now, I have it backward.
A samurai-knight.
"Samurai-knight!!!"
Your dynamic visual acuity is too sharp.
That may be why you're easily fooled by what meets the eye and fine movement.
There's more out there than just what you can see.
He must be speculating that they're all feint shimmers probing his reactions,
and just pretending to be discriminating.
In that case,
with this large a number attacking en masse,
he's sure to think that the real me is mixed in with them.
However, they're all fakes!
An earnest attack trying to take your life has a distinct breathing pattern.
Be able to detect that breath of life.
Watch, here it is, dummy!
The breath of the attack trying to take my life... The breath of life...
I will never get closer to you until you take the shimmer bait
and leave yourself open.
And when that opening happens,
I will strike at you from the shadows with my throwing knife.
First...
The breath of life!
Iai-calibur!
Hey, you! Are you trying to kill me just because I breathed?!
Don't jump to the wrong conclusion. I am a knight-samurai.
I-Impossible...
He was hiding in the mist to stab not me, but you, Lieutenant.
The man is as sneaky as they come.
Can you get up?
Well done.
What about the other one?
He left his pal here and ran off.
What was up with his face?
Is he even human?
It looked like a put-on face. What did he look like, if not human?
First, we meet up with the others.
Great. Lead the way.
Well, whatever.
The way splits again. The Nether sucks. I don't get it.
Which way do you think we should go?
There's something glowing down the left way.
Huh? Something's coming this way!
E-Eyes?!
--Eep! --Demon!
Who are you calling a gorilla cyclops?!
--I never said that! --I never said that!
Huh? Maki-san?
Then, those demonic eyes are...
...Sputter and Flare?
Wah! Maki-san!
Oh, there, there.
Two life signs suddenly appeared.
Fifteen meters? That's close enough for visual contact.
Are they on our side?
You will never see anyone on your side again.
Lisa...
You've wrapped yourself up in the turnout coat that you despise.
You only look like a fool, Vulcan.
You look good in anything.
What are you doing down underground,
now that you've joined the Fire Force you hate so much?
Silly question. To come and see you, Lisa, obviously.
What's the matter, Feeler?
Who was it that took you in?
Who taught that ignorant, dirty little cat so attentively?
I'm the one who showed you how to manipulate flames, and manipulate men.
All you did was use everything I taught you to get close to Vulcan.
The only reason he took you in was because of my instruction.
You are just an ignorant, dirty little cat, after all.
Do you need another one of my lessons?
Get away from Lisa!
Feeler, Knight of the Ashen Flame. That is my true name.
"Knights of the Ashen Flame" "Junior Knight" "Feeler"
That's right. Defend me.
Yes, sir.
It's not true, Lisa!
Shut up!
The Iron-madillo?
I don't know what you taught Lisa-san,
but it's only right for grown-ups to teach the youth!
You're damn condescending, old geezer!
Then you're the real ignorant one here, feckless captain of the 8th.
Call me whatever you like.
You don't even know what the flames of human combustion are.
Our Evangelist knows all.
Including why the spontaneous human combustion
that is attacking our world is occurring,
what the bugs that trigger artificial human combustion really are,
the secret of the Adolla Burst that Shinra Kusakabe possesses,
why that flame is called the "Flame of Perdition,"
what happened in the world in the past...
...and what is happening to it right now.
The Evangelist knows all of it.
I'm not going to tell you a thing.
Then you really are a lousy teacher.
You are an intriguing man.
"To be continued"
"Next time"
"Episode 21: Those Connected"